RepositoryDashboardService.DashboardData(overallMetrics=RepositoryDashboardService.OverallMetrics(overallCoverage=0.0,
lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=728, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0,
coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0),
fileTree=com.org.devgenie.service.coverage.RepositoryDashboardService$FileTreeNode@11f85c28,
fileDetails=[RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=AiClient.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/ai/client/AiClient.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.ai.client,
className=AiClient, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=AiClientImpl.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/ai/client/AiClientImpl.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.ai.client,
className=AiClientImpl, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=7, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=AiJavaDocGenerationController.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/controller/AiJavaDocGenerationController.java,
packageName=com.org.devgenie.controller, className=AiJavaDocGenerationController, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0,
methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=7, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0,
improvementOpportunities=[]), RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=AppConfig.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/config/AppConfig.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.config, className=AppConfig,
lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=9, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0,
coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=BeanConfiguration.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/config/BeanConfiguration.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.config,
className=BeanConfiguration, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=1, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=CallGraphController.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/controller/CallGraphController.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.controller,
className=CallGraphController, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=23, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=ClassDescription.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/ClassDescription.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model,
className=ClassDescription, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=ClassDetails.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/ClassDetails.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model,
className=ClassDetails, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=ConverterUtil.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/ConverterUtil.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util,
className=ConverterUtil, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=9, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=DashboardController.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/controller/DashboardController.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.controller,
className=DashboardController, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=4, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=DashboardModel.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/DashboardModel.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model,
className=DashboardModel, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=DashboardService.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/service/DashboardService.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.service,
className=DashboardService, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=28, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=DevgenieApplication.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/DevgenieApplication.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie,
className=DevgenieApplication, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=2, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=DocGenerationException.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/exception/DocGenerationException.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.exception,
className=DocGenerationException, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=1,
coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=DocGeneratorService.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/service/DocGeneratorService.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.service,
className=DocGeneratorService, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=30, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=DocumentationController.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/controller/DocumentationController.java,
packageName=com.org.devgenie.controller, className=DocumentationController, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0,
methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=23, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0,
improvementOpportunities=[]), RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=FilePathUtil.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/FilePathUtil.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util,
className=FilePathUtil, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=8, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=FileUtil.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/FileUtil.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util, className=FileUtil,
lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0,
coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=GitCloneService.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/github/GitCloneService.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.github,
className=GitCloneService, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=32, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=GitCloneUtil.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/GitCloneUtil.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util,
className=GitCloneUtil, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=21, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=GitHubConfig.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/config/GitHubConfig.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.config,
className=GitHubConfig, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=6, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=GitHubUtility.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/github/GitHubUtility.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.github,
className=GitHubUtility, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=21, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=GitInputProcessor.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/input/GitInputProcessor.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.input,
className=GitInputProcessor, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=4, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=GroupByKeys.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/GroupByKeys.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util, className=GroupByKeys,
lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=6, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0,
coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=IssueFixController.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/controller/IssueFixController.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.controller,
className=IssueFixController, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=12, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=IssueFixService.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/service/IssueFixService.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.service,
className=IssueFixService, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=63, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=JavaCodeParser.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/parser/JavaCodeParser.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.parser,
className=JavaCodeParser, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=122, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=LocalFileInputProcessor.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/input/LocalFileInputProcessor.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.input,
className=LocalFileInputProcessor, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=12,
coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=LoggerUtil.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/LoggerUtil.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util, className=LoggerUtil,
lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=11, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0,
coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=MethodDetails.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/MethodDetails.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model,
className=MethodDetails, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=PackageDetails.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/PackageDetails.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model,
className=PackageDetails, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=PathConverter.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/PathConverter.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util,
className=PathConverter, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=10, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=PullRequestHandler.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/github/PullRequestHandler.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.github,
className=PullRequestHandler, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=63, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=PullRequestMetrics.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/mongo/PullRequestMetrics.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.mongo,
className=PullRequestMetrics, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=PullRequestMetricsRepository.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/mongo/PullRequestMetricsRepository.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.mongo,
className=PullRequestMetricsRepository, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0,
coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=PullRequestModel.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/PullRequestModel.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model,
className=PullRequestModel, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=SearchController.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/controller/SearchController.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.controller,
className=SearchController, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=4, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=SonarController.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/controller/SonarController.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.controller,
className=SonarController, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=18, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=SonarIssue.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/SonarIssue.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model, className=SonarIssue,
lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0,
coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=SonarMetricsModel.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/model/SonarMetricsModel.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.model,
className=SonarMetricsModel, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=SonarQubeMetrics.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/mongo/SonarQubeMetrics.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.mongo,
className=SonarQubeMetrics, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=0, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=SonarService.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/service/SonarService.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.service,
className=SonarService, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=76, coveredLines=0,
totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=SpringAiCommentGenerator.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/ai/SpringAiCommentGenerator.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.ai,
className=SpringAiCommentGenerator, lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=79,
coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0, coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[]),
RepositoryDashboardService.FileDetails(fileName=StringUtil.java,
filePath=src/main/java/com/org/devgenie/util/StringUtil.java, packageName=com.org.devgenie.util, className=StringUtil,
lineCoverage=0.0, branchCoverage=0.0, methodCoverage=0.0, totalLines=16, coveredLines=0, totalBranches=0,
coveredBranches=0, totalMethods=0, coveredMethods=0, improvementOpportunities=[])
])